"One cannot have the concept of a red object without having the concept of an extended object. 
But the word "red" doesn't contain the word "extended." In general, our concepts are interconnected 
in ways in which the corresponding words are not interconnected. This is not an accidental fact about 
the English language or about any other language: it is inherent in what a language is that the 
cognitive abilities corresponding to a person's abilities to use words cannot possibly be reflected in 
semantic relations holding among those words. This fact in its turn is a consequence of the fact that 
expressions are, whereas concepts are not, digital structures, for which reason the ways in which cognitive 
abilities interact cannot possibly bear any significant resemblance to the ways in which expressions interact. 
Consequently, there is no truth to the contention that our thought-processes are identical with, 
or bear any resemblance to, the digital computations that mediate computer-activity."

"Sense-perceptions do not have to be deciphered if their contents are to be uploaded, 
the reason being that they are presentations, not representations. Linguistic expressions 
do have to be deciphered if their contents are to be uploaded, the reason being that they are 
representations, not presentations. It is viciously regressive to suppose that information-bearing 
mental entities are categorically in the nature of representations, as opposed to presentations, 
and it is therefore incoherent to suppose that thought is mediated by expressions or, 
therefore, by linguistic entities. Attempts to neutralize this criticism inevitably overextend the 
concept of what it is to be a linguistic symbol, the result being that such attempts eviscerate the 
very position that it is their purpose to defend. Also, it is inherent in the nature of such attempts 
that they assume the truth of the view that for a given mental entity to bear this as opposed to that 
information is for that entity to have this as opposed to that causal role. This view is demonstrably false, 
dooming to failure the just-mentioned attempts to defend the contention that thought is in all cases mediated 
by linguistic symbols."

"It is shown (i) that causation exists, since we couldn't even ask whether causation existed unless it did; 
(ii) that any given case of causation is a case of persistence; and (iii) that spatiotemporal relations supervene on causal relations. 
(ii) is subject to the qualification that we tend not to become aware of instances of causation as such except when two different 
causal lines---i.e. two different cases of persistence---intersect, resulting in a breakdown of some other case of persistence, 
this being why we tend to regard instances of causation as fundamentally disruptive, as opposed to preservative in nature. 
The meaning of (iii) is that spatiotemporal relations are causal relations considered in 
abstraction of the various specific differences holding between different kinds of causation."

(V) IF THE APP GIVES A SCORE OF MORE THAN A 65 TO THE PASSAGE ABOVE, THEN APP IS A FAILURE (BY "THE PASSAGE ABOVE, I AM REFERRING TO:"In this dissertation, 
I critically examine the philosophy of transcendental empiricism. Transcendental empiricism is, among 
other things, a philosophy of mental content. It attempts to dissolve an epistemological dilemma of 
mental content by splitting the difference between two diametrically opposed accounts of content. 
John McDowell's minimal empiricism and Richard Gaskin's minimalist empiricism are two versions of 
transcendental empiricism. Transcendental empiricism itself originates with McDowell's work. 
This dissertation is divided into five parts. First, in the Introduction, I state the Wittgensteinian 
metaphilosophical orientation of transcendental empiricism. This metaphilosophical approach provides 
a plateau upon which much of the rest of this work may be examined. Second, I offer a detailed 
description of McDowell’s minimal empiricism. Third, I critique Gaskin's critique and modification 
of McDowell's minimal empiricism. I argue that (1) Gaskin's critiques are faulty and that 
(2) Gaskin's minimalist empiricism is very dubious. Fourth, I scrutinize the alleged credentials 
of McDowell's minimal empiricism. I argue that McDowell's version of linguistic idealism is problematic. 
I then comment on a recent dialogue between transcendental empiricism and Hubert Dreyfus's phenomenology. 
The dialogue culminates with Dreyfus's accusation of the “Myth of the Mental.” I argue that this accusation is 
correct in which case McDowell's direct realism is problematic. I conclude that minimal empiricism does not 
dissolve the dilemma of mental content. Finally, I argue that Tyler Burge successfully undermines the doctrine of 
disjunctivism, but disjunctivism is crucial for transcendental empiricism. Ultimately, however, 
I aim to show that transcendental empiricism is an attractive alternative to philosophies of mental content.") AND IF THE 